# CreditNoteDTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**serie_prefix** | **string** | If the serie selected by SerieExternalKey is Autoincrement, this field must bem empty.  The document number will be assigned by the system.  Id the serie selected by SerieExternalKey is not Autoincrement, the prefix must be present.  Serie validations will be applied. | [optional] 
**serie_number** | **string** | If the serie selected by SerieExternalKey is Autoincrement, this field must bem empty.  The document number will be assigned by the system.  Id the serie selected by SerieExternalKey is not Autoincrement, the SerieNumber must be present.  Serie validations will be applied. | [optional] 
**issue_mode** | **string** | Issue Mode. The value must be one of this [&#39;Electronic&#39;, &#39;ByComputer&#39;] | 
**issue_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Date issue of credit note. Format {yyyy-mm-dd} | 
**due_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Credit Note due date. Format {yyyy-mm-dd} | 
**delivery_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Credit Note Delivery Date. Format {yyyy-mm-dd} | 
**currency** | **string** | Currency code. Colombia is &#39;COP&#39; | 
**billing_period** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\PeriodDTO**](PeriodDTO.md) | Billing Period | 
**external_reference** | **string** | External Reference | [optional] 
**document_references** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\DocumentReferenceDTO[]**](DocumentReferenceDTO.md) | Documents(Sales Invoice, Exportation Invoice) refered to the credit note | 
**reason_credit** | **string** | Reason Credit. The value must be one of this [&#39;ReturnGoods&#39;, &#39;CancellationInvoice&#39;, &#39;TotalReduction&#39;, &#39;TotalDiscount&#39;, &#39;Termination&#39;, &#39;Others&#39;] | 
**payment_method** | **string** | Bill payment method.  The value must be one of this [&#39;Cash&#39;, &#39;Cheque&#39;, &#39;Bank&#39;, &#39;Transfer&#39;, &#39;BankDeposit&#39;] | [optional] 
**issuer_party** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\AccountingPartyDTO**](AccountingPartyDTO.md) | Data required of issuer to bill | 
**customer_party** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\AccountingPartyDTO**](AccountingPartyDTO.md) | Data required of customer to bill | 
**lines** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\LineDTO[]**](LineDTO.md) | Credit note lines | 
**tax_summary** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\TaxSummaryDTO[]**](TaxSummaryDTO.md) | Information used to report a tax withheld | 
**prepaid_payments** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\PrepaidPaymentDTO[]**](PrepaidPaymentDTO.md) | Information on the prepaid amount and date | [optional] 
**document_attachments** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\DocumentAttachmentDTO[]**](DocumentAttachmentDTO.md) |  | [optional] 
**total** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\LegalMonetaryTotalDTO**](LegalMonetaryTotalDTO.md) | Relating to the total amounts applicable to the credit note | 
**notes** | **string[]** | Additional information: Free text on the document | [optional] 
**notes_pdf** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\NoteDTO[]**](NoteDTO.md) |  | [optional] 
**correlation_document_id** | **string** | Unique identifier for the document. This Id is used to prevent document duplication. | 
**serie_external_key** | **string** | Unique identifier for the serie. This identifier is generated by the system when the serie is created  and must be sent back on document creation to select wich serie will be used | 
**additional_notification_emails** | **string[]** | List of adicional emails to be notified | [optional] 
**custom_fields** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\CustomFieldDTO[]**](CustomFieldDTO.md) | Document Custom Fields | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


